---
title: "Water Quality Reports"
date: 2023-06-07T00:00:00-05:00
---
Dear Residents,

The latest water quality report for our community well is always available
from the Missouri Department of Natural Resources at this link:

[Consumer Confidence Report](https://dnrservices.mo.gov/ccr/MO6036274.pdf)
 
This report is mandated by the government and is intended to give you
information about the safety of our drinking water.
 
We are licensed under the name “Antire Valley Subdivision”. Our Supply
number is MO6036274. One can use this number to search for information
on the MODNR site.
 
Last year we pumped and distributed over 3.7 million gallons of water to
the 80 homes in our community, an average of roughly 126 gallons per
house hold, daily. We would like to thank everyone for their water
conservation efforts.
 
As this report shows, we have some of the safest and best tasting water
in the area at very low cost.
 
In 2022, the system was totally in compliance with all regulations.
 
Once again, now that summer is here, we ask all residents to adhere to
the summer watering schedule.  If your home address is an even number,
please limit outside watering to even numbered days of the month.   If
your home address is an odd number, please limit outside watering to odd
numbered days of the month.  If you are watering the lawn and water is
running down the street, chances are you have saturated the ground and
are merely wasting this precious commodity.  In addition we ask that
cars be washed at a commercial facility rather than using our limited
supply of drinking water.  A broken pump resulting from over use of
water can cost in excess of $3,700 to repair or replace.
 
We ask that all residents help in conserving our drinking water supply
for the good of the community.  If you have any questions concerning
this report, or the water system in general, you can contact Nick Kuntz
at 636-677-5515.